project_docs/prompts/starting-prompt.md, before:

I'm working on a RAG system that uses the model context protocol to allow Claude access to my Obsidian notes. It uses containers to run 1. qdrant for vector storage and 2. indexer.py for embedding and search. Below is an overview, a list of features and the key files, and a task I want you to complete. Before moving onto the task, use filesystem to review the files.

<overview>
## Why this project exists
This project aims to provide a tool for indexing and searching through documents. It has connection to Claude and other LLMs via the Model Context Protocol (MCP).

## What problems it solves
- Quickly finding information within a large collection of documents
- Leveraging Obsidian's knowledge graph features for enhanced search relevance
- Understanding and utilizing document relationships through internal links and tags
- Maintaining context through metadata and backlinks

## How it should work
The system should:
- Index documents while preserving Obsidian-specific features:
  - Tags (#tag) for content categorization
  - YAML frontmatter for structured metadata
  - Hierarchical tags for taxonomy
  - Backlinks for reverse relationship tracking (deferred for future implementation)
- Allow users to search using Obsidian syntax and features
- Respect ignore files to prevent indexing of unwanted documents
- Use document relationships to improve search relevance
</overview>

<features>
An .env file contains: 
LOCAL_FILES_PATH="C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault"
EMBEDDING_MODEL_ID=sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2
EMBEDDING_SIZE=768
START_INDEXING=true 
RERANKER_MODEL=BAAI/bge-m3
CHUNK_SIZE=800
CHUNK_OVERLAP=100
CHUNK_STRATEGY=h2
</features>

<files>
The key files are here:
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\indexer.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\app.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\async_queue.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\async_loop.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\Dockerfile
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\mcp-server\src\minima\requestor.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\mcp-server\src\minima\server.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\docker-compose-mcp.yml
</files>

<task>
I've implemented a Deep Search tool in the MCP server.py. This tool will allow formatted query structures for things like 
Temporal queries ("from this week")
Summarization requests ("summarize my meeting notes")
Topic clustering ("what topics have I been writing about lately?")
Trend analysis ("how has my thinking about X evolved?")

THERE WILL BE NO PARSING OF NATURAL LANGUAGE. MCP allows llms like claude access to databases, so Claude will:
Parse out that this is a temporal query
Calculate the relevant date range (e.g., current week's start to now)
Format a structured query that tells the indexer to:
a) Get documents within that date range
b) Format them appropriately
c) Return them to me for summarization

I have the tool set up and created, and i can get responses via the MCP inspector and curl commands. but anytime claude uses it, the application crashes. 

DO NOT DO ANYTHING ELSE UNTIL YOU'VE REVIEWED C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\project_docs\mcp-full-text.md

Then suggest changes.</task>

Commit message:

DEEP SEARCH working: made query optional for time-range queries, eg "summarize my ntoes from this week"

project_docs/prompts/starting-prompt.md, after:

I'm working on a RAG system that uses the model context protocol to allow Claude access to my Obsidian notes. It uses containers to run 1. qdrant for vector storage and 2. indexer.py for embedding and search. Below is an overview, a list of features and the key files, and a task I want you to complete. Before moving onto the task, use filesystem to review the files.

<overview>
## Why this project exists
This project aims to provide a tool for indexing and searching through documents. It has connection to Claude and other LLMs via the Model Context Protocol (MCP).

## What problems it solves
- Quickly finding information within a large collection of documents
- Leveraging Obsidian's knowledge graph features for enhanced search relevance
- Understanding and utilizing document relationships through internal links and tags
- Maintaining context through metadata and backlinks

## How it should work
The system should:
- Index documents while preserving Obsidian-specific features:
  - Tags (#tag) for content categorization
  - YAML frontmatter for structured metadata
  - Hierarchical tags for taxonomy
  - Backlinks for reverse relationship tracking (deferred for future implementation)
- Allow users to search using Obsidian syntax and features
- Respect ignore files to prevent indexing of unwanted documents
- Use document relationships to improve search relevance
</overview>

<features>
An .env file contains: 
LOCAL_FILES_PATH="C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault"
EMBEDDING_MODEL_ID=sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2
EMBEDDING_SIZE=768
START_INDEXING=true 
RERANKER_MODEL=BAAI/bge-m3
CHUNK_SIZE=800
CHUNK_OVERLAP=100
CHUNK_STRATEGY=h2
</features>

<files>
The key files are here:
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\indexer.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\app.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\async_queue.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\async_loop.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\indexer\Dockerfile
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\mcp-server\src\minima\requestor.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\mcp-server\src\minima\server.py
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\minima-fork\docker-compose-mcp.yml
</files>

<task>
I've implemented a Deep Search tool in the MCP server.py. This tool will allow formatted query structures for things like 
Temporal queries ("from this week")
Summarization requests ("summarize my meeting notes")
Topic clustering ("what topics have I been writing about lately?")
Trend analysis ("how has my thinking about X evolved?")

THERE WILL BE NO PARSING OF NATURAL LANGUAGE. MCP allows llms like claude access to databases, so Claude will:
Parse out that this is a temporal query
Calculate the relevant date range (e.g., current week's start to now)
Format a structured query that tells the indexer to:
a) Get documents within that date range
b) Format them appropriately
c) Return them to me for summarization

I have the tool set up and created, and i can get responses via the MCP inspector and curl commands. but I want to explore a few changes: 
- right now, the "query" field is required, but i want a method to answer the user query "summarize all my notes from this week". That would have no query, just time start and end dates. Start with making the query field optional and adding a method to the Indexer class to efficiently retrieve documents by date range without requiring semantic search. All the metadata is stored as payload fields in Qdrant, and i want a  date-range-only search to return all documents within the date range, sorted by date. I'll look into indexing by date at a later time.
</task>
