project_docs/01_note-to-self.md, before:

command to get it started: 
    docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml down; docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml up --build -d

    without removing volumes (ideal) 
    docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml down --volumes=false; docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml up --build -d

obsidian-loader-test.py start:
set QDRANT_HOST=localhost; set QDRANT_PORT=6333; set START_INDEXING=true; set CONTAINER_PATH=C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\sample_vault; set LOCAL_FILES_PATH=C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\sample_vault; set EMBEDDING_MODEL_ID=sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2; set EMBEDDING_SIZE=768; python tests/obsidian-loader-test.py

## To restart indexer (huge)

docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml restart indexer
Test query from cmd

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "{"query": "leadership"}" http://localhost:8001/query

## Inspector
npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/inspector uv --directory c:/Users/Alex/Documents/Projects/minima-fork/mcp-server run minima

## cleanup-ignore
uses the .minimaignore file to target cleanup files
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/cleanup-ignored

## DONE ObsidianLoader
This basically just parses frontmatter, tags and dataview (?). Capturing links in notes might have to be a parsing regex. Update: decided not to do this

## Next thing to try
- start with the file sync doc next
  - play around with deep search tools
- add other loaders - png, docs, txt, pdfs, etc
  - Images: https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/document_loaders/image/

- [x] implement ObsidianLoader, add tags and created/updated dates to qdrant payload
- [x] consider whether backlinks are necessary metadata, since they're already present in the note
  - decision: would add complexity to note parsing and not super useful in metadata. save this for another time, possibly with a knowledge graph.
- [x] play around with chunk size
- [x] hmm not pointing to vault, even though local files variable is set
- [x] fix duplicate entries (cleanup.py) (better to just nuke the vector database)
- [x] establish method of preventing duplicates (UUIDs)
- [x] added "deep search" tool, which allows claude to run queries like "summary" 
- [ ] might consider taking the requester services out of indexer. it currently requires indexer.py to be running
- [x] fix "source" in "query" tool: Source: C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian VaultWork/03-Resources/Meetings/2024-01-25 Tree test for main nav.md (GAVE UP ON THIS)
- [ ] look at indexing - this could make date searches more efficient if i add datetime indexing (ie an index of every note's modified at date)
- [ ] consider adding a no-limit flag to queries to return all results.
- [ ] how does the reranker work in the minima indexer > qdrant vector store > mcp query workflow? Answer: i think it was showign deduplicated results and returning only one of dozens of duplicates
- [ ] consider adding a progress bar to indexing
- [x] the tool just returns one search result. how can we improve that?
  - i want to improve the tools available in @/mcp-server/ . First, the tool only allows a single search result. can we implement a TOP_K variable that allows the user the ability to set the number, ex TOP_K=3 (figured this out, but top_k would be useful in future)
- [ ] consider implementing openai embeddings
- [ ] create mcp tool to nuke the database and reindex
- [ ] revisit chunking strat:
    - I'd also like to review my chunking strategy. Please review the key documents that will be indexed: 
    - Daily notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Periodic Notes\Daily Notes\2024\11-November\2024-11-12.md"
    - Meeting notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Work\03-Resources\Meetings\2024-01-08 PI Planning Kickoff.md"
    - Project notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Work\01-Projects\Grand Army Discovery Sessions.md"

Commit message:

attempting to create a poller to watch for updated/modified files.

project_docs/01_note-to-self.md, after:

command to get it started: 
    docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml down; docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml up --build -d

    without removing volumes (ideal) 
    docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml down --volumes=false; docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml up --build -d

obsidian-loader-test.py start:
set QDRANT_HOST=localhost; set QDRANT_PORT=6333; set START_INDEXING=true; set CONTAINER_PATH=C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\sample_vault; set LOCAL_FILES_PATH=C:\Users\Alex\Documents\Projects\sample_vault; set EMBEDDING_MODEL_ID=sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2; set EMBEDDING_SIZE=768; python tests/obsidian-loader-test.py

## To restart indexer (huge)

docker compose -f docker-compose-mcp.yml restart indexer
Test query from cmd

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "{"query": "leadership"}" http://localhost:8001/query

## Inspector
npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/inspector uv --directory c:/Users/Alex/Documents/Projects/minima-fork/mcp-server run minima

## cleanup-ignore
uses the .minimaignore file to target cleanup files
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/cleanup-ignored

## DONE ObsidianLoader
This basically just parses frontmatter, tags and dataview (?). Capturing links in notes might have to be a parsing regex. Update: decided not to do this

## Next thing to try
- start with the file sync doc next
  - abandoned this for a simple poller. I think i'm onto something, but not sure.
  - Also think there's something afoot with the tag processing. 
- play around with deep search tools
- add other loaders - png, docs, txt, pdfs, etc
  - Images: https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/document_loaders/image/

- [x] implement ObsidianLoader, add tags and created/updated dates to qdrant payload
- [x] consider whether backlinks are necessary metadata, since they're already present in the note
  - decision: would add complexity to note parsing and not super useful in metadata. save this for another time, possibly with a knowledge graph.
- [x] play around with chunk size
- [x] hmm not pointing to vault, even though local files variable is set
- [x] fix duplicate entries (cleanup.py) (better to just nuke the vector database)
- [x] establish method of preventing duplicates (UUIDs)
- [x] added "deep search" tool, which allows claude to run queries like "summary" 
- [ ] might consider taking the requester services out of indexer. it currently requires indexer.py to be running
- [x] fix "source" in "query" tool: Source: C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian VaultWork/03-Resources/Meetings/2024-01-25 Tree test for main nav.md (GAVE UP ON THIS)
- [ ] look at indexing - this could make date searches more efficient if i add datetime indexing (ie an index of every note's modified at date)
- [ ] consider adding a no-limit flag to queries to return all results.
- [ ] how does the reranker work in the minima indexer > qdrant vector store > mcp query workflow? Answer: i think it was showign deduplicated results and returning only one of dozens of duplicates
- [ ] consider adding a progress bar to indexing
- [x] the tool just returns one search result. how can we improve that?
  - i want to improve the tools available in @/mcp-server/ . First, the tool only allows a single search result. can we implement a TOP_K variable that allows the user the ability to set the number, ex TOP_K=3 (figured this out, but top_k would be useful in future)
- [ ] consider implementing openai embeddings
- [ ] create mcp tool to nuke the database and reindex
- [ ] revisit chunking strat:
    - I'd also like to review my chunking strategy. Please review the key documents that will be indexed: 
    - Daily notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Periodic Notes\Daily Notes\2024\11-November\2024-11-12.md"
    - Meeting notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Work\03-Resources\Meetings\2024-01-08 PI Planning Kickoff.md"
    - Project notes: "C:\Users\Alex\OneDrive\Apps\remotely-save\Obsidian Vault\Work\01-Projects\Grand Army Discovery Sessions.md"
